My name is Adedayo,
and I'm a Security
Engineer at Google.
A lot of people think you
need to have a degree in
computer science, right
to be able to get
into cybersecurity. I
don't think that's true.
Take me for an example,
I started learning
IT from Lagos,
Nigeria where I was
born and raised,
and then I'm all
the way here now
in Silicon Valley,
working for Google.
I think that's just amazing
and a dream come true.
You taking this certificate
is a first step to you
making a commitment to switching
your career to cybersecurity.
Kudos to you on that.
SQL is one of
the skillset you need to
have in your toolbox as a
cybersecurity professional
because you can
very quickly make decisions,
not just off the bat,
but make decisions
with data backing you,
and be able to communicate
with your team,
with stakeholders
about why you made
a decision because it's one
thing to be able to say,
we need to do this, it's
another thing to say
we need to do this
and here's the data that I
wrote my SQL statements about.
I learned SQL by, first,
as a coursework in school,
that was really great,
but I think I forgot everything
about that after school.
The next step that I took
was taking online courses,
such as the one you're
taking right now to learn
SQL and the fundamentals
about it and how
to really use it.
Then the first time I used SQL
practically was at Google.
You really need to practice.
I think with anything else,
practice makes perfect.
Being able to, even if it's
just a few hours a week,
put aside time to practice
writing SQL statement.
Having that skill is
something that will
be very applicable
to your first job,
and you can use that to
make data-driven decisions.
I feel very fulfilled
working in cybersecurity.
I feel very energized,
come into work every day.
Not only because
I get to work on
really complex problems and
try to figure out
solutions for them,
but I also have great
teammates that we
all come together and
tackle the problem.
Being able to go
to bed at night,
knowing that the work that
I do is for the better of
Google users and
Google employees
is a very rewarding
feeling for me.